Fix file-name issue in Kafka Connect Build (#5121)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.connect.build.Build.adoc

> Strimzi supports two types of artifacts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strimzi supports the following types of artifacts:
```

* JAR files, which are downloaded and used directly
* TGZ archives, which are downloaded and unpacked

> * Other files, which are downloaded and used directly

Reviewer: Can we give an example of _other_ files?

> * Other files, which are downloaded and used directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Other artifacts, which are downloaded and used directly
```

> * Other files, which are downloaded and used directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Other artifacts, which are downloaded and used directly
```

IMPORTANT: Strimzi does not perform any security scanning of the downloaded artifacts.
For security reasons, you should first verify the artifacts manually, and configure the checksum verification to make sure the same artifact is used in the automated build and in the Kafka Connect deployment.

.Using JAR artifacts

> JAR artifacts represent a JAR file which is downloaded and added to a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JAR artifacts represent a JAR file that is downloaded and added to a container image.
```

<1> (Required) Type of artifact.
<2> (Required) URL from which the archive is downloaded.
<3> (Optional) SHA-512 checksum to verify the artifact.

.Using `other` artifacts

> `other` artifacts represent any kind of file which is downloaded and added to a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`other` artifacts represent any kind of file that is downloaded and added to a container image.
```

Reviewer: Can mean JAR or TGZ artifacts? Or anything other than those types of artifacts?

> A file name which will be used in the resulting container image can be also specified using the `fileName` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a specific name for the artifact in the resulting container image, use the `fileName` field.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add what happens if you don't add one?
_If the fileName is not specified, the file is named based on the URL hash._

Additionally, you can specify a SHA-512 checksum of the artifact.
If specified, Strimzi will verify the checksum of the artifact while building the new container image.

[source,yaml,subs=attributes+,options="nowrap"]
.Example `other` artifact
----
apiVersion: {KafkaConnectApiVersion}
kind: KafkaConnect
metadata:
  name: my-connect-cluster
spec:
  #...
  build:
    output:
      #...
    plugins:
      - name: my-plugin
        artifacts:

>           - type: other # <1>
>             url: https://my-domain.tld/my-other-file.ext # <2>
>             sha512sum: 589...ab4 # <3>
>             fileName: name-the-file.ext # <4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - type: other  <1>
            url: https://my-domain.tld/my-other-file.ext  <2>
            sha512sum: 589...ab4  <3>
            fileName: name-the-file.ext  <4>
```

  #...
----
<1> (Required) Type of artifact.
<2> (Required) URL from which the artifact is downloaded.
<3> (Optional) SHA-512 checksum to verify the artifact.

> <4> (Optional) The name under which the file will be stored in the resulting container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> (Optional) The name under which the file is stored in the resulting container image.
```
